THE WATCHER: London. 1602.
A world at peace thanks to a hero
from an entirely different universe,
Captain Peggy Carter,
a warrior out of her own time.
But then, she's used to that.
The super soldier from World War II
who thrust herself into the future,
saving her world, but leaving behind
the love of her life.
It was a loss
that could have consumed her,
but instead, it fueled her
to become a hero for all time and times.
Now, the captain once lost in the future
is trapped in the past.
But even 400 years from home,
she's not alone.
Your timing couldn't be better,
old friend.
I was afraid I'd be stuck here forever.
Oh, come on, you're already tired
of first-run Shakespeare
and outdoor plumbing?
Says the man with the high-collared cape.
Yeah, says the woman
who wears a Union Jack as a shirt.
-(CHUCKLES)
-At least mine's magic, Peggy.
By the looks of things, this happy hour
could use a little more happiness. Bing.
Single malt, a few centuries
ahead of schedule, of course.
Oh, Strange, you're a lifesaver.
Speaking of, any chance
you can offer me a lift home?
I'd call a taxi, but I left my purse
in another dimension.
Anything for a fellow
Guardian of the Multiverse.
Come on, Peggy, step into my office.
THE WATCHER: Theirs was the bond
of two heroes forged not just in battle,
but in understanding.
For, like Captain Carter,
Doctor Stephen Strange had been
on a difficult journey of his own.
In his pursuit to save Christine Palmer,
he destroyed his soul,
his sanity, and his universe.
Then punish me.
Not the world, not Christine.
THE WATCHER: But it was only
as the world collapsed around him
that he saw the error of his ways.
Now, two legends must band together
to face a threat
unlike any the Multiverse has ever faced.
Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility.
Where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
STRANGE SUPREME:
Welcome to my humble abode,
the Sanctum Infinitum.
Well, this is certainly, uh, rustic.
STRANGE SUPREME: Yeah, view's not bad.
Kitchen even has a pizza oven.
PEGGY: Strange,
you've been here all alone?
Well, not quite, I've been kind of busy.
Let me see here, Infinity Ultron,
I think you know,
and Thanos, Loki.
Beings of untold power
hell-bent on destroying their universes.
You know, the usual.
You're collecting universe killers.
Yeah, well, someone's gotta do it.
And we both know the Watcher
would never stoop so low as to intervene.
Saving the Multiverse
one universe at a time, huh?
Your self-imposed penance?
Hmm, I knew you'd understand.
But look, there is actually something
I need your help with.
Uh, Strange.
I'd rather go home. (CHUCKLES)
Oh, oh, oh, you will. You will.
It's just... It's... I, uh...
Yeah, it's... (SIGHS) It's actually,
it's a bit embarrassing, to be honest.
One of them's escaped.
Yeah, how did you know?
Gremlins. Aliens. Jurassic Park.
Collect enough dangerous, well, anything,
and something always escapes.
Great, then you'll help me
save the world or several of...
-No.
-Pardon?
I can already hear
the Watcher intoning that
(MIMICS THE WATCHER)
"Meddling in the Multiverse
is always, always a mistake."
Oh, come on, Peg.
I know he's a fifth-dimensional being
with that big head
and that soothing voice,
but that doesn't always make him right.
I mean, what, are you gonna tell me
that it was wrong of you
to save the world of 1602?
(SIGHS)
So, who's our bad guy?
(SCOFFS) Our bad guy is a she,
Captain Carter.
My mistake.
STRANGE SUPREME: I lost her trail here,
in the South Dakota Badlands.
Well, what's left of them
in that universe, anyway.
Wait. Strange. Why can't you just do this?
Because you, my friend, are an unknown.
She'll see me coming a mile off.
Oh, and here. Bing.
-Oh, thank you.
-Don't mention it.
Look, this will work out
pretty well, Peggy.
You find her, then I'll be
able to bring you both back here.
And then I'm out. You'll send me home?
Cross my heart.
Strange, how will I know it's her?
Oh, trust me, you'll know.
Oh, that's a little worrying.
(WIND BLOWING)
What in the world?
Or worlds, I guess you could say.
(SIGHS) Well, look who it is.
You here to help for a change?
Or just to narrate?
(SIGHS)
The bomb at Project Rebirth packed
a bigger bang in this universe.
Neither you nor Steve Rogers survived.
Without Captain Carter
or Captain America to stop them,
HYDRA unleashed the Tesseract's powers,
won the war,
and destroyed the world in the process.
Right. So, you're here to narrate.
It's my job.
And what are you doing here, Captain?
If you aren't going to help,
you can leave.
I thought you learned the dangers
of interfering in worlds not your own.
Spare me. We're never going to see
eye to eye on this.
I get involved, you watch.
It's not about watching, Peggy.
It's about seeing.
Great, well,
Strange found a way to watch and see.
He's getting involved,
making a difference.
(SIGHS)
Just be careful.
I don't think I can bear to narrate
what might happen next.
-(RUSTLING)
-(GASPS)
All right. Show yourself.
(GRUNTS)
Okay. Come on, Peg,
you're better than this.
If you insist on ending this in a fight,
you will regret...
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS) Yep, very good.
That was a good one.
All right. Well done.
My turn. (GRUNTS)
-(GRUNTS)
-PEGGY: Ha! Gotcha!
(BOTH GRUNT)
(GRUNTS)
Let me guess. He asked you
to help him save the Multiverse.
To save it from you. Why do you ask?
(SIGHS) Of course he said that.
I'm not a universe killer. He is.
My name is Kahhori,
and I think we can help each other.
Peggy. Peggy Carter.
I am not your enemy.
That delusional
radaen:naras is lying to you.
What?
-Oh, no.
-Peggy, move.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SHRIEKS)
-Kahhori!
-STRANGE SUPREME: Good job, Carter.
Nice work finding her for me.
Strange, what's going on?
-Just tying up loose ends.
-(KAHHORI GRUNTS)
-Did he tell you about The Forge?
-What Forge?
Don't listen to her.
She's trying to trick you.
He isn't just targeting universe Killers.
He's gathering righteous heroes, too.
What? Strange, what does she mean?
-Ignore her.
-He's feeding everyone to The Forge.
Enough. (GRUNTS)
(STRAINING)
Strange.
(KAHHORI GRUNTS)
KAHHORI: He's driven himself mad.
STRANGE SUPREME: No.
Strange isn't trying to save universes.
He's trying to resurrect his universe.
-The one he destroyed.
-(GASPS)
I will not let you stop me. (GRUNTS)
(GROANING)
You're trying to bring back Christine,
aren't you?
Yes, I am.
And if anyone could understand, it's you.
Strange, come to your senses.
I have to do this.
But this is madness.
Oh, come on, Peggy. You know
you'd do the same thing for Steve!
(KAHHORI GROANING)
Peggy. (GROANING)
Peggy, please.
(GRUNTING)
I would never do this for Steve.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
(SIGHS)
And Steve Rogers wouldn't want me to.
The cost is too high.
Well... (SIGHS)
In the grand scheme of things,
it's a small price to pay. (GRUNTS)
-(GROANS)
-Strange, stop!
Not now. We're so close.
-(GROANING)
-Please don't do this.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
Trust me, Peggy. It's better this way.
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTS)
No! What have you done?
(ALL GROWL)
(GRUNTS)
-Well, that should keep him busy.
-(GRUNTING)
(KAHHORI PANTS)
You're just as crazy as he is.
We need to destroy that Forge
before he feeds the prisoners to it.
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(IN ENGLISH) Hang on tight.
(ALL CLAMORING)
(SPEAKING MANDARIN)
(GRUNTING)
(ALL CLAMORING)
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTING, LAUGHING)
(GRUNTS, SHRIEKS)
Okay, starting a prison riot
of Universe Killers? Not my best idea.
We gotta go.
(ALL CLAMORING)
-What's this?
-(FAINT GROWLING)
-Did you hear that?
-I was hoping I hadn't.
(GROWLING)
Oh, no. Not her.
(ALL GROWLING)
-Fantastic. Be careful, they're...
-Yeah, I know.
Zombies are pretty universal.
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
Oh, great. Here we go.
(GRUNTS)
-(KAHHORI GRUNTING)
-(GROWLING)
(GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
What? What did you do?
It's not me.
(GROWLS)
Zombies.
Sounds like my kind of party.
Now, kneel.
The last woman to demand that of me
regretted it.
Oh, darling, I'm no ordinary woman.
I'm the Goddess of Death.
(GRUNTS)
Excuse me!
(RUMBLING)
(SURTUR LAUGHING)
I am Asgard's doom.
Huh? You?
You.
(GROANS) I am Asgard's doo... (GRUNTS)
Yes, yes. We know. (GRUNTS)
(ALL GROWLING)
(SURTUR LAUGHS)
(ZOMBIES GROWLING)
It's Strange.
He's coming. Leave them to the Warden.
Let's go!
(GRUNTS)
Peggy.
I didn't do that, either.
Oh, no.
Killmonger. He has the stones.
We'll need that Infinity Armor if we're
going to stand a chance against Strange.
(GROANS)
-(CHUCKLES)
-Okay, that was me.
Where'd you send him?
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(ALL CLAMORING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SIGHS) Fits like a glove.
This should even the odds.
(RUMBLING)
Oh, no. Strange has started The Forge.
We have to stop him now.
Before he feeds the prisoners to it.
(RUMBLING CONTINUES)
(WHIRRING)
How do we destroy it?
Well, I'd rather you didn't. (CHUCKLES)
You changed your outfit. Pretty cool.
It's a good look on you.
But you might remember
I defeated that armor once before.
"Once before," I wasn't in it.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS SOFTLY) Okay, that was good.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh, come on.
I thought you were just warming up.
You want to really play?
Get a load of this.
(ALL GROWLING)
Go!
(GRUNTS)
No! Stop.
-(ROARS)
-(GRUNTING)
(STRANGE SUPREME GRUNTS)
Yeah, guess you figured
that armor out. (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROWLS, GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
No, leave it alone.
You're making it unstable.
(GRUNTS)
-(GRUNTS)
-(SIGHS)
(GRUNTS, GROWLS)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
KAHHORI: You've lived in solitude
far too long, Strange.
Perhaps you've forgotten, there are
more of us than there are of you.
That's the thing. (GRUNTS)
There aren't.
(CHUCKLES)
That's a great idea...
Whoo!
(SPEAKING MOHAWK)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(IN ENGLISH) Captain Carter,
always the soldier out of time.
Peggy.
It doesn't have to end this way.
(ALL GRUNTING)
ROGERS: All this
to make one super soldier?
(PEGGY GASPS)
Steve, is this real?
What? Of course it is.
The Nazis are on the march across Europe.
We need to even the odds.
Agent Carter, wouldn't you be
more comfortable in the booth?
Oh, I...
Stay with me, Peg.
-Steve, I...
-ROGERS: Stay.
We'll finish the fight.
We'll win the war. You and me, Peg.
We can finally be together.
(BUTTERFLY FLUTTERING)
(SIGHS, BREATH TREMBLES)
I love you.
(SIGHS)
(SOBS) I wish that were true.
But you're...
You're not him.
(GRUNTS)
-Huh?
-(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
Cheap trick, Strange.
Then, so be it, Captain.
See what you've chosen?
-(ALL CLAMORING)
-Huh? (SCREAMS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
KAHHORI: Oh, no, he's begun.
He's feeding them to The Forge.
No!
(GASPS) Atahraks?
The protection around The Forge
is weakening.
I can portal them all home. (GRUNTS)
What?
(ALL SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS, GRUNTS)
(ALL SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(EXHALES)
(ALL SCREAMING)
STRANGE SUPREME: Neat trick. But you see,
(CHUCKLES) I mastered that one
a long time ago.
(HELA GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
My world must be reborn,
or countless others will die.
(STRAINING) Stop. Don't do this.
For what it's worth, I really thought
you would have understood.
Ugh...
I gave you a choice, Peggy Carter.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
They will feed my machine.
I must resurrect my world.
-And you, my friend, are finished.
-(GRUNTING)
-HELA: Not entirely.
-(GRUNTS)
Give him Hel!
(GRUNTS)
What?
(ROARS)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS, SCREAMS)
(GASPS, GRUNTS)
PEGGY: Kahhori, you did it!
You sent them home.
(GRUNTS, BREATHES HEAVILY)
You'll never stop me.
I'll just get more dangerous,
more... (GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNT)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GROWLS)
It's over, Strange.
Stay down.
-Strange?
-(GROWLS)
Nothing is ever over.
Strange, if you're in there,
you need to listen to me.
No, you will listen. (ROARS)
(GRUNTS)
I'll kill you.
Strange, this isn't you.
It is me.
(GRUNTS)
(ROARS)
I will bring her back. You cannot stop me.
(YELLS, GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
-(PANTS)
-(PEGGY GRUNTS)
(ROARS)
Peggy.
(PEGGY GRUNTS)
(SCREAMING)
(COUGHS)
Whoa!
Oh, no, Peggy, it's gonna explode.
You built this. Come on, Strange.
There has to be a way to stop it.
(SIGHS) No, I can't.
My grief is too strong.
It's grown beyond my control.
Christine wouldn't want this.
-No.
-But we do.
(SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
Die!
(PEGGY SCREAMS)
No, Peggy!
-(GROWLING)
-(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(PEGGY GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
(STRANGE SUPREME SCREAMS)
Strange.
KAHHORI: Peggy!
(GROANS)
(GASPS)
I take it this means I'm not dead.
No. And neither is Kahhori.
I sent her back to her home universe.
So this is where you do all your watching.
(PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY)
PEGGY: There she is. That's Christine.
Strange's plan worked.
Yes, but at the cost of his life.
He recreated this universe,
but was never born into it
and never will be.
(SIGHS)
To think of all the suffering he caused
for a world he would never get to see.
And I nearly helped him do it.
You saw the good in our friend.
And in the end, it was that part of him,
even if only for a brief moment,
that conquered his demons
and saved his world.
You saw it, didn't you?
The Forge, Kahhori,
the monster in Strange.
-We nearly lost everything.
-But we didn't.
The Multiverse didn't need me
to intervene, Peggy.
It just needed you.
So, ready, finally,
to get back to your universe?
I am. (SIGHS)
But perhaps
we could take the scenic route home.
Surely there's something worth seeing
along the way.
Oh, Captain,
just you watch.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)